Add ERA5 Monthly Single Levels 1979-2024 artifact (#70)
CliMA/ClimaArtifacts: era5_monthly_averages_single_level_1979_2024/README.md

## Usage

To recreate both artifacts:

1. Set up the CDI APS personal access token following the [instruction](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/how-to-api#install-the-cds-api-token),
or enter it in when prompted by the script.
2. Create and activate a python virtual environment
3. In the same terminal run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. In the same terminal run `julia --project create_artifact.jl`

Note: The script first downloads the monthly averaged reanalysis data, and then does the same for the monthly averaged reanalysis by hour of day data. Downloading and processing the second
artifact takes significantly longer because it contains 24 times more data.

## Requirements

- Python >= 3
- 22G of free disk space

## Downloaded datasets

Both of the downloaded datasets contain the following variables:

1. `mean_surface_downward_long_wave_radiation_flux`
2. `mean_surface_downward_short_wave_radiation_flux`
3. `mean_surface_latent_heat_flux`
4. `mean_surface_net_long_wave_radiation_flux`
5. `mean_surface_net_short_wave_radiation_flux`
6. `mean_surface_sensible_heat_flux`
7. `mean_surface_runoff_rate`
8. `mean_sub_surface_runoff_rate`
9. `total_column_water`

> 10. `number`

Reviewer: we can define this too?

This variable is created during processing by taking the difference of
mean surface downward short-wave radiation flux and mean surface net short-wave radiation flux, and then flipping the latitude dimension. Residual GRIB attributes are also removed.

### `tcw`

This is the total water column in units of  kg m**-2. No processing is done to this variable other than flipping the latitude dimension and removing residual GRIB attributes.

### `expver`

This variable is only defined on the time dimension, and a value of 5 indicates any data at that point on the time axis is from ERA5T, which is an initial release of ERA5 data. A value of 1 indicates that data for that time is no longer potentially subject to change. No preprocessing is done other than removing residual GRIB attributes. It is not included in the hourly dataset.

## Temporal Coverage

The two output files have different temporal coverage.

### `era5_monthly_surface_fluxes_197901-202410.nc`

This file contains Monthly averaged reanalysis from 1979 to present (October 2024 at time of creation), which is produced by averaging all daily data for each month. This results in 12*(2024-1979 + 10/12) = 550 points on the

> time dimension, where each point is the 15th of the month that the point represents. For example, the 6th index of `time` is `19790601-01-15T00:00:00`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
time dimension, where each point is the 15th of the month that the point represents. For example, the 6th index of `time` is `1979-06-15T00:00:00`,
```
